Personalized Anti-Aging Programs

Program Promotion Price

(THB) Online Price

(THB)

Blink Supplements: Vitamins to Nurture the Skin 1,999

3,500 -

Brain Supplements: Vitamins to Nurture the Brain 1,999

3,500 -

Burn Supplements: Vitamins to Increase Metabolism 1,999

3,500 -

Boost Supplements: Vitamins to Boost the Immune System 1,999

3,500 -

Blink, Brain and Burn Supplements: Vitamins to Nurture the Skin and
Brain and to Increase Metabolism 5,599

10,500 -

Be Well Supplements: Vitamins to Prevent Inflammation, Reduce infection,
Boost Immunity, Alleviate Allergy Symptoms, Restore Intestinal Health,
Promote the Growth of Beneficial Microorganisms and Provide Antioxidants
1,999

3,500 -

IV Skin Rejuvenate and Lighten: Restore, Slow Down Cell Degeneration and
Rejuvenate Skin 4,500

7,500 -

Liver IV Formula: Intravenous Liver Nourishment to Reduce Inflammation
and Help Detoxify the Organ 4,000

7,000 -

Energy IV Formula: Intravenous Vitamin Program to Leave You Feeling
Refreshed, While Preventing Burnout and Nourishing Nerve Endings 4,500

7,500 -

IV Recovery Shot (1 session): Restore health with vitamin drips, for
individuals with fatigue, easily tired, or experiencing Long COVID 4,800

7,900 -

IV Recovery Shot (3 sessions): Restore health with vitamin drips, for
individuals with fatigue, easily tired, or experiencing Long COVID

13,500

23,700 -

IV Recovery Shot (5 sessions): Restore health with vitamin drips, for
individuals with fatigue, easily tired, or experiencing Long COVID
20,500

39,500 -

Nutrient Plus Program: Measuring Levels of Free Radicals, Antioxidants,
Vitamins, and Minerals \| Details \| Buy Now 18,900

27,000 17,900

Nutrient Life Extra Program: Measuring Levels of Free Radicals,
Vitamins, and Minerals \| Details \| Buy Now 13,900

19,200 12,900

Antioxidant Check-up Program \| Details \| Buy Now 6,900

8,500 5,900

Weight Loss Program: Measuring Levels of Vitamins, Hormones and
Inflammation Related to Metabolism and Body Weight \| Details \| Buy Now
13,900

17,000 12,900

Energy Boost-up Program: Measuring Levels of Antioxidants and Stress
Hormones \| Details \| Buy Now 11,900

15,000 10,900

Urine Organic Profile Test (CelFix): Measuring Cellular Body System
Performance via Urine (recommended when easily becoming exhausted, or
having unstable emotions, insomnia or abnormal bowel movements) \|
Details \| Buy Now 13,000

15,000 11,900

Food Intolerance Test Program (when suffering from migraines, incurable
acne and indigestion with no clear cause) \| Details 22,000

26,000 -

Female Fast Hormone Program: Screening Women's Hormone Levels in
Conjunction with a Body Composition Analysis, Including Liquid, Fat and
Muscle Level Screening \| Book Now 7,500

9,500 6,900

Male Fast Hormone Program: Screening Men's Hormone Levels in Conjunction
with a Body Composition Analysis, Including Liquid, Fat and Muscle Level
Screening \| Book Now 7,500

9,500 6,900

Health Portfolio Program: Screening over 500 genes through cheek tissue
analysis in order to detect cancer risk and up to 100 other health
disorders. Additionally, physical responses to over 100 types of
medication, such as those associated with sleep, stress, and
dermatology, are analyzed as is the body's response to diet and
nutrition, sports and exercise, and lifestyle habits to provide a
comprehensive healthcare program. Includes testing blood for
antioxidant, vitamin, and nutrient levels. \| Book Now 35,350

42,000 33,350

Circle Premium: Screening over 500 genes through cheek tissue analysis
in order to detect cancer risk and up to 100 other health disorders.
Additionally, physical responses to over 100 types of medication, such
as those associated with sleep, stress, and dermatology are analyzed, as
is the body's response to diet and nutrition, sports and exercise, and
lifestyle habits to provide a comprehensive healthcare program. \| Book
Now 25,400

29,000 25,400

OMEGA Health Test: Screening Levels of Omega 3, 6 and 9, as well as
Saturated Fat and Arterial Inflammation Analysis. \| Book Now 7,000

8,000 6,500

Life Code Trial: Health Screening Program for Anti-aging \| Book Now
6,000

7,500 6,000

Life Fit Plus: An in-depth program designed to help users lose weight \|
Book Now 17,500

22,000 16,000

Life Fit: An in-depth program designed to help users lose weight \| Book
Now 13,500

18,000 12,000

Telomere Length Test: Assessing Cellular Lifespan and Degenerative
Status (Telomeres---DNA stretches located at the ends of
chromosomes---play a role in determining the lifespan of cells and are
associated with degenerative conditions and diseases). 10,900

17,500 -

Gut Microbiome Test: Assessing Microbial Balance in the Gastrointestinal
Tract, Plus 1 Month of Probiotics \| Buy Now 19,000

27,000 17,000

Bone Density and Body Composition Test with a Bone Densitometer (up to
40% better clinical precision when compared to other

systems\*\*, uses low-dose X-rays) 3,200

4,500 2,500Terms and Conditions:

Prices include doctor's fees and hospital service fees

Promotions only available to Thai nationals and foreigners residing in
Thailand

Available for purchase from April 1 - May 31, 2024; privilege valid
until June 30, 2024

Receive services at the Well-being Health Center, 4th floor, Samitivej
Srinakarin Hospital

[https://samitivejhospitals.com/package/detail/get-summer-get-fit-verity-snh](https://samitivejhospitals.com/package/detail/get-summer-get-fit-verity-snh)
