Healthcare Programs for Post COVID-19 Recovery

Once a patient recovers from a COVID-19 infection their lungs, which are
directly impacted by the infection, are likely to be partially damaged.
Other bodily systems, such as the heart and coronary artery system, are
also affected and the patient's overall physical capabilities may also
suffer. Some patients report exhaustion, fatigue, not feeling fresh and
a general feeling of weakness. These issues are a result of severe
inflammation throughout the body as a result of the immune system being
unable to return to its former, healthy state. Additionally, the stress
and anxiety felt by patients experiencing a COVID-19 infection, as well
as side effects from medication or even repeated bacterial infections
caused by prolonged use of immunosuppressive drugs, are all factors that
can disrupt the recovery process.

Program Promotion Price

(THB) Online Price

(THB)

IV Recovery Shot (1 session): Restore health with vitamin drips, for
individuals with fatigue, easily tired, or experiencing Long COVID 4,800
\*\*

7,900 4,800 \*\*

IV Recovery Shot (3 sessions): Restore health with vitamin drips, for
individuals with fatigue, easily tired, or experiencing Long COVID
13,500 \*\*

23,700 -

IV Recovery Shot (5 sessions): Restore health with vitamin drips, for
individuals with fatigue, easily tired, or experiencing Long COVID
20,500 \*\*

39,400 -

Long COVID Symptom Monitoring Program (Basic) \| Details \| Buy Now
5,200 \*

7,200 -

Long COVID Plus: Symptom Monitoring Program (In-depth) \| Details \| Buy
Now 9,300 \*

12,100 -

Long COVID Extra Plus: Symptom Monitoring Program (Premium) \| Details
\| Buy Now 22,800 \*

29,500 -

Long COVID Symptom Monitoring and Basic Health Check-up \| Details \|
Buy Now 5,990 \*

13,600 -

Long COVID & Rebalance: Symptom Monitoring and Health Balancing Programs
\| Details \| Buy Now 6,700 \*

7,800 -

Long COVID & Recharge: Symptom Monitoring and Health Restoring Programs
\| Details \| Buy Now 12,500 \*

15,700 -

Terms and Conditions:

Programs are recommended for patients for whom at least 4 weeks have
passed since their recovery from a COVID-19 infection

\*Price includes doctor's fees and hospital service fees

\*\*Price does not include blood test prior to IV Vitamin Therapy
session

Promotions only available to Thai nationals and foreigners residing in
Thailand

Available for purchase from April 1 - May 31, 2024; privilege valid
until June 30, 2024

Receive services at the Long COVID Center, 4th floor, Samitivej
Srinakarin Hospital

[https://samitivejhospitals.com/package/detail/get-summer-get-fit-verity-snh](https://samitivejhospitals.com/package/detail/get-summer-get-fit-verity-snh)
