Beauty Programs

Program Promotion Price

(THB) Online Price

(THB)

Face Lifting Laser - Breaks Down Facial and Neck Fat, Minimizing
Wrinkles \| Buy Now 22,900

28,000 22,500

Face Lifting Laser - Tighten Face, Reduce Cheeks, Minimize Double Chin,
and Smooth Skin 29,000

45,000 28,500

Facial Laser Treatment - Targets Melasma, Freckles, Dark Spots, and Acne
Scars for Clearer Skin and Reduced Wrinkles (1 session, including a
session of Skin Hydrating Mask, a post-treatment restorative gel mask to
replenish moisture) \| Buy Now 15,000

34,500 15,000

Facial Laser Treatment - Targets Melasma, Freckles, Dark Spots, and Acne
Scars for Clearer Skin and Reduced Wrinkles (3 sessions, including 3
sessions of Skin Hydrating Mask, a post-treatment restorative gel mask
to replenish moisture) \| Buy Now 42,000

103,000 42,000

Vital Infusion -- Advanced Formula: Intensively Enhance Collagen
Production for Firmer, More Youthful Skin \| Buy Now 45,000

70,000 45,000

Vital Infusion -- Premium Formula: Enhance Collagen Production for
Firmer, More Youthful Skin \| Buy Now 25,900

45,000 25,900

REJURAN -- Skin Rejuvenation Innovation With Wild Salmon DNA Extracts
for Glassy, Glowing and Youthful-looking Skin (2 cc) \| Buy Now 65,000

96,000 65,000

REJURAN -- Skin Rejuvenation Innovation With Salmon DNA Extracts for
Glassy, Glowing and Youthful-looking Skin (4 cc) \| Buy Now 17,000

24,000 17,000

REJURAN -- Salmon DNA Extracts to Rejuvenate the Eye Area and Reduce
Dark Circles (2 cc) \| Buy Now 56,000

72,000 56,000

REJURAN -- Salmon DNA Extracts to Rejuvenate the Eye Area and Reduce
Dark Circles (4 cc) \| Buy Now 14,900

18,000 14,900

Biotherapy -- Facial Contouring and Vitamin Infusion Program for Firmer,
Smoother, and Glowing Skin \| Buy Now 9,900

15,600 9,900

American Botulinum Toxin for Jaw Slimming and Wrinkle Smoothing \| Buy
Now 1,200

1,500 1,200

Miami Peel -- Vitamin-powered Skin Restoration for Lighter, Brighter,
and Youthful Skin (1 session) 2,000

2,500 2,000

Miami Peel -- Vitamin-powered Skin Restoration for Lighter, Brighter,
and Youthful Skin, and to Diminish Acne and Melasma (1 session) 3,500

5,000 3,500

Miami Peel -- Vitamin-powered Skin Restoration for Lighter, Brighter,
and Youthful Skin (5 sessions) 8,900

10,000 8,900

Miami Peel -- Vitamin-powered Skin Restoration for Lighter, Brighter,
and Youthful Skin, and to Diminish Acne and Melasma (5 sessions) 15,000

17,500 15,000

Jet Peel & Vital Infusion for Clear and Radiant Facial Skin (including a
10-session, vitamin infusion facial treatment) \| Buy Now 16,000

25,000 16,000

Jet Peel & Thermolift for Firmer Skin (including a 10-session vitamin
infusion facial treatment) \| Buy Now 17,000

35,000 17,000

Hydration and Glow Program -- Addressing Dullness, Dehydration, and
Wrinkles for Radiant and Rejuvenated Skin 11,900

15,000 11,900

Innovative Facial Mask for Hydrating Skin (8 sessions) \| Buy Now 11,500

12,000 11,500

Upper or Lower Blepharoplasty (eyelids) 39,000 -

Augmentation Rhinoplasty (nose) 43,000 -

Open Rhinoplasty (1 night) 170,000 -

Mid and Lower Face and Neck Lift (1 night) 189,000 -

Abdominoplasty (Tummy Tuck) (2 nights) 179,000 -

Breast Augmentation with Mentor\'s Silicone, Round Shape (1 night)
129,000 -

Liposuction (1 site) 69,000 -

Terms and Conditions:

Prices include doctor's fees and hospital service fees

Promotions only available to Thai nationals and foreigners residing in
Thailand

Available for purchase from April 1 - May 31, 2024; privilege valid
until June 30, 2024

Receive services at the Samitivej Esthetics Institute, 4th floor,
Samitivej Srinakarin Hospital

[https://samitivejhospitals.com/package/detail/get-summer-get-fit-verity-snh](https://samitivejhospitals.com/package/detail/get-summer-get-fit-verity-snh)
