VO2 Max Examination Program

The program measures oxygen metabolic rate and analyzes a person's
maximum cardiovascular and lung functioning capabilities in order to
determine the limits of their physical ability. The screening measures
the maximum amount of oxygen the individual can utilize during
exercise---VO2Max---which is a gauge of their physical fitness (a high
measurement represents a high level of fitness). The screening also
assesses the individual's metabolic, respiratory, and cardiovascular
systems' response to exercise. The results of the screening can show a
person how much exertion is possible at that time, enabling them to
increase these limits safely by tailoring training to fit the resulting
zones.

Additionally, the specialist analyzes a person's running style to assess
their injury risk by looking at their running gait, foot placement,
weight distribution and stance. These factors combine to provide a clear
picture of why someone may be prone to injury while running. These
injuries may be due to the aforementioned gait, muscular imbalances,
muscle weakness, or a range of other potential causes. This analysis can
be used to make adjustments or to train runners in the correct running
technique in order to ensure they make sufficient progress, increase
muscle mass, and reduce the chance of injury.

Program Promotion Price

(THB)

VO2 Max Examination and Running Analysis \| Book Now 8,500\*

10,200

VO2 Max Examination \| Book Now 6,800\*

7,800Terms and Conditions:

\*Price includes doctor's fees and hospital service fees

Promotions only available to Thai nationals and foreigners residing in
Thailand

Available for purchase from April 1 - May 31, 2024; privilege valid
until June 30, 2024

Receive services at the Samitivej Active Performance Medical Center, 2nd
floor, Samitivej Srinakarin Hospital

[https://samitivejhospitals.com/package/detail/get-summer-get-fit-verity-snh](https://samitivejhospitals.com/package/detail/get-summer-get-fit-verity-snh)
